CISC/CMPE 457 Assignment 2

In this assignment you'll use the Fourier Transform (FT) to perform
convolutions and to remove noise from images.

1. Get the main.py code running.  Press '?' to see the list of options
   on the console.

   (Note that you can provide command-line arguments if you want to run
   tests in a non-interactive mode, but you'll have to look at the
   code to understand this.  We'll use this for marking.)

2. Implement forwardFT().  Implement inverseFT().

   Use the provided ft1D() function to implement your 2D FTs.

   The current forwardFT() and inverseFT() use the numpy fft2() and
   ifft2() functions.  YOU MAY NOT USE THOSE FUNCTIONS.  YOU MUST
   IMPLEMENT YOUR OWN FUNCTIONS, WITHOUT USING ANY LIBRARIES.

   Test your implementation by moving an image into the spectral
   domain, then back to the spatial domain to see that it is unchanged
   from the original image.

3. Implement multiplyFTs() to provide convolution (by moving the
   current filter and image into the spectral domain, multiplying
   them, and moving the result back to the spatial domain).  Read the
   comments for the multipyFTs() function first.  Do not use
   numpy.convolve().  Write your own code.

   Test this by convolving an image with an 11x11 Gaussian filter, and
   with an 11x11 box filter.

4. Implement image editing in modulatePixels(): Where the mouse is
   clicked on the image, the magnitude of the corresponding values in
   the image array (and their reflection if the image is a FT) is to
   be modulated within a given radius.  Use a Gaussian weighting, so
   that most modulation occurs at the mouse click and less modulation
   occurs farther away from the mouse click.

   Test this by removing periodic noise from the sample images.

5. Denoise as best you can the canvas, moon, and mariner6 images.

To submit:

   In a single directory called 'a2' put the following FIVE files:

      README.txt - containing the name, student number, and netID of each
		   person working on the assignment.  Include here any
		   comments you have for the TA. 

      main.py    - the modified code, well organized and well commented.

      denoised_mariner.png
      denoised_moon.png
      denoised_canvas.png

   YOU WILL LOSE 1 MARK IF YOU INCLUDE ANY OTHER FILES OR NAME YOUR
   DIRECTORY SOMETHING OTHER THAN a2.  In particular, do NOT include
   the 'filters' or 'images' directories, do NOT include any Windows
   libraries (e.g. glut.dll, glut.lib, glut.h), and do NOT include any
   OSX-specific directories (e.g. '__MACOSX').  If you are using OSX,
   you WILL NOT SEE __MACOSX, but it will be there and you will lose a
   mark.  Check your archive on a non-OSX system before submitting it.

   Zip that a2 directory and submit it through OnQ.
